question you ever wanted to return
on a bus or plane and a friend
at the same time you did not repeat it in a public place
all day so you just have to
guess the nature of the beast
you know just what his dofig like
situations you need to produce
trial farting
you need to try to release type and
very accurate and neat about 10 15
keeping percent of total to
can determine whether the surrounding
sweep away or do you represent
a threat to public health and when you
do best farting
try to disguise it for example
bend over the magazine oh well it is necessary
voice digest
but the smell is good, no matter how strange it is
but even a little nice well I think
will have to taste and the whole baby and in the end
it turns out to be one of those hard
which peels off the varnish on the nightstand
such a farting can ruin a marriage
I'm such a farting start all around
to rush to the exit even the people on the plane
this moment you understand that you have to go
use sew oxygen
masked
maybe not all the same
eat all kids every morning
I don't have a swing from an old tire
endings for this thing so i
confine myself to bow thanks i appreciate it